Negotiation.  In the event of any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms (each, a "Dispute"), the parties will make a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute within 60 days of the other party's written notice of the Dispute. If the parties are unable or unwilling to resolve the Dispute within that time, the Dispute shall be finally resolved by arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution ("ICDR") in accordance with its international arbitration rules ("Arbitration Rules"). This agreement to arbitrate shall be construed broadly and shall apply, among other things, to any claim brought by or against (i) Google, Google's affiliates that provide the Programs to Customer or Advertiser, Google's parent companies, and Google's officers, directors, employees, (ii) Customer or Advertiser, Customer's or Advertiser's respective affiliates and parent companies, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, predecessors, assigns and successors in interest of such entities.   
   Arbitration Procedures.  All arbitration shall take place in Santa Clara County, California. The arbitration shall be conducted before a tribunal of three arbitrators. Claimant(s) shall appoint one arbitrator from the tribunal in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Respondent(s) shall jointly appoint the second arbitrator in accordance with the Arbitration Rules.  If the parties are unable to agree on the third arbitrator (the "Chairman") within 20 days of the confirmation of the second, the ICDR shall appoint the Chairman in accordance with the Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in English. Unless otherwise required by law, the existence, content or results of any arbitration, including any documents or evidence produced, shall be strictly confidential. The decision of the arbitrators shall be final and binding, and judgment on the awards rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.  The arbitrators shall not be bound by decisions made in other arbitrations to which Customer or Advertiser is not a party. The arbitrators shall have the power to grant declaratory or injunctive relief, whether interim or final, only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide the relief warranted by that party's individual claim without affecting other Google users or other Customers or Advertisers, and any interim relief ordered by the arbitrators may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in these Terms shall preclude either party from seeking individualized interim or preliminary relief in a court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall any such request for individualized interim or preliminary relief in a court be deemed inconsistent with the arbitration agreement or a waiver of the right to arbitrate.
These Advertising Program Terms (the "Terms") are agreed to by and between Google Australia Pty Ltd ("Google") and the entity executing or electronically accepting these Terms (the "Customer"). These Terms govern Customer's participation in Google's advertising programs and services that are (i) accessible through the account(s) granted to Customer under these Terms or (ii) incorporate these Terms by reference (collectively, the "Programs"). Please read these Terms carefully.  They require binding arbitration to resolve disputes.
Governing Law. The laws of the State of California govern our Terms, as well as any court or arbitration disputes that may arise between you and WhatsApp, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
Time to File a Claim or Dispute. THESE TERMS ALSO LIMIT THE AMOUNT OF TIME YOU HAVE TO FILE A CLAIM OR DISPUTE, INCLUDING THE TIME TO INITIATE ARBITRATION, OR, IF PERMITTED, COURT ACTION OR SMALL CLAIMS PROCEEDINGS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. You and WhatsApp agree that in the event of a Dispute (except for Excluded Disputes as defined below), you and WhatsApp must commence any Action (including initiating an arbitration proceeding) within one year of the initial occurrence of the Dispute or such Dispute will be permanently barred. This means that if we or you do not take any Action (including initiating arbitration) within one year of the initial occurrence of the Dispute, the arbitration will be dismissed as untimely.
gWe may also deactivate or delete your account if it does not become active after you register or if it remains inactive for an extended period of time. The following provisions will survive termination of your relationship with WhatsApp: "Licenses," "Disclaimers and Exclusions," "Limitation of Liability," "Indemnification," "Dispute Resolution," "Availability and Termination of our Services," "Other," and "Special Arbitration Provision for Users in the United States and Canada. 
If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable, and if it cannot be made enforceable, it shall be deemed severable from our Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions of our Terms, and the remaining portion of our Terms shall remain in full force and effect, except as provided in the "Severability" paragraph of the "Special Arbitration Provision for Users in the United States and Canada" section below.
If you reside in the United States, any controversy or claim arising out of this Agreement or the breach thereof shall be resolved exclusively by binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), through a single mutually agreed upon arbitrator, in accordance with the provisions of the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules, available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1.800.778.7879, and shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.  YOU AND TWITTER HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR JUDGE. YOU AND WE FURTHER AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM MAY BE BROUGHT ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT ON BEHALF OF, OR AS PART OF, ANY CLASS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO FILE A CLASS ACTION OR SEEK RELIEF ON A COLLECTIVE BASIS. Unless you and we agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate the proceedings or claims of more than one person, and may not otherwise preside over any form of representative or class proceeding. 
veuillez lire attentivement le texte ci-dessous, car la présente politique contient une disposition d'arbitrage contraignant régissant la résolution des conflits, notamment une renonciation à votre droit d'intenter un recours collectif et à votre droit de refus. 
 All issues shall be decided by an arbitrator. However, only a court of law may rule on issues relating to the scope or enforceability of this arbitration clause or the interpretation of the prohibition against class actions and joint representation. If either party intends to arbitrate any dispute, it must notify the other party in writing. Such notice of dispute must be sent to us at the following address: Meta Platforms, Inc. 1601 Willow Rd. Menlo Park, CA 94025. The arbitration shall be governed by the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules ("AAA Rules"), as modified by these Commercial Terms, and shall be administered by the AAA. If the AAA is unavailable, the parties shall agree upon another arbitrator or the court shall appoint a substitute. 
 The arbitrator will not be bound by the decisions of other arbitrations to which you are not a party. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any submission of evidence made in the arbitration will be kept confidential absent good cause for its disclosure. The arbitrator's decision will be kept confidential only to the extent necessary to protect the trade secrets or proprietary business information of both parties, or to comply with a legal requirement for confidentiality. Each party shall be responsible for payment of administrative, arbitration or filing fees to the AAA in accordance with the AAA Rules.
 you must notify us as set forth below within 30 days of the date of first acceptance of any version of these Terms of Business containing an arbitration provision. Your notice under this Section 5.c must be sent to the following address: Meta Platforms, Inc. 1601 Willow Rd. Menlo Park, CA 94025. All Commercial Claims between us, whether or not submitted to arbitration, will be governed by California law, excluding California's conflict of laws rules, except to the extent that California law conflicts with or does not take precedence over federal law. If a commercial Claim between you and us is not subject to arbitration, you agree that the Claim shall be resolved exclusively in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the resolution of such Claims. 
 Except where such restriction is prohibited by law, any claim arising under these Terms must be commenced, by filing a demand for arbitration or by filing an individual complaint under the arbitration agreement below, within one (1) year after the date on which the party bringing the claim first learns of, or reasonably should have learned of, the act, omission or default giving rise to the claim; no right of action shall exist with respect to any claim that is not filed within such time period.
 You and Spotify agree that any dispute, claim or controversy that may arise between you and Spotify regarding the Agreements or your relationship with Spotify as a user of the Service (whether based on contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other theory of law, and whether the dispute arises during the term of the Agreements or after their termination) will be resolved in binding and enforceable individual arbitration proceedings. An arbitration proceeding is less cumbersome than an appeal to a court of law. THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN AN ARBITRATION PROCEDURE AND APPEALS FOR REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION DECISION ARE LIMITED. Discovery procedures may be more limited than in a court of law. The arbitrator shall comply with this Agreement and may award damages and relief in the same manner as a court of law (including, but not limited to, attorney's fees), but may not issue declaratory or injunctive orders for the benefit of any party other than the parties to the arbitration. This arbitration clause shall survive the expiration or termination of the agreements.
An arbitration proceeding may be initiated by you or by us. Any arbitration between you and Spotify shall be finally determined under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (the << ICC >>) then in effect (the << ICC Rules >>) by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules, as amended by the Agreements, and shall be administered by the ICC International Court of Arbitration.
Any arbitration shall be conducted in English and, unless otherwise provided by mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction, the applicable law in any arbitration proceedings shall be the law of [the relevant state or country described in clause 6.1], without regard to choice of law or conflict of law principles.
  The national legislation implementing the European Directive on the settlement of consumer disputes requires us to inform you of an alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") service and whether or not we intend to use that ADR service to resolve the dispute in question. The ADR service for France is the Centre de Médiation et d'Arbitrage de Paris, 39 avenue Franklin D. Roosevelt, 75008 PARIS. Apple has no obligation or intention to use this RAL service. 
  
 
 
 




   
