If you reside outside the European Union, EFTA States or the United Kingdom, including if you live in the United States, the laws of the State of California, excluding its choice of law provisions, will govern these Terms and any dispute arising between you and Twitter. All disputes relating to these Terms or the Services shall be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco County, California, U.S.A., and you agree to submit to personal jurisdiction and waive any objection on the grounds of inconvenient forum. If you are a federal, state or local government entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity and are legally unable to agree to the above provisions regarding law, jurisdiction or venue, such provisions do not apply to you. For such U.S. federal government entities, these Terms and any related actions will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted by federal law, by the laws of the State of California (excluding choice of law)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, or an organization located in one of those countries, these Terms and your relationship with Google under these Terms and the Additional Terms for specific services are governed by the laws of your country of residence. If you have a dispute, you may bring it to the appropriate local court. If you are a consumer based in the EEA, please contact us directly to resolve your issue. The European Commission also offers an online dispute resolution platform, which we accept if required by law.
For OneSearch, Yahoo Mail and Yahoo Search, the relevant Yahoo Entity is Yahoo India Private Limited (CIN: U72900MH2000PTC138698) Regd. Office: 03-106, 3rd Floor, WeWork Oberoi Commerz II, 1 Mohan Gokhale Rd, Colony No. 2, Aarey Colony, Mumbai - 400 063, Maharashtra, India, and the following terms and conditions apply: (a) The "minimum age" is 13 years, provided that if you are between 13 and 18 years of age, you must obtain permission from a parent or legal guardian to use the Services or create an account, (b) you must be at least 13 years of age in order to agree to our Terms of Service, provided that if you are between 13 and 18 years, (c) the Terms of Service and the relationship between you and Yahoo India Private Limited shall be governed by the laws of India without regard to its conflict of laws provisions, and (d) you and Yahoo India Private Limited agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Mumbai, India.
 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and Twitch agree that if you are a Subscribing Organization or a consumer residing in a jurisdiction other than those listed in (ii) below, the following applicable law and arbitration provisions shall apply:PLEASE READ CAREFULLY WHAT FOLLOWS BECAUSE THIS REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH TWITCH AND LIMITS THE WAY IN WHICH YOU MAY REQUIRE REMEDIES FROM TWITCH. Twitch and you agree to arbitrate any dispute arising out of these Terms of Service or your use of the Twitch Service, but you and Twitch are not obligated to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable compensation and other relief for alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents. ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM BRINGING A LAWSUIT IN COURT OR BEFORE A JURY. You and Twitch agree that you must notify the other party in writing of any dispute within thirty (30) days of the date it arises. Notice to Twitch must be sent to the following address: Twitch Interactive, Inc, Attn: Legal, 350 Bush Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104. In addition, Twitch and you agree: to attempt to resolve the dispute informally prior to any request for arbitration; that any arbitration will occur in Santa Clara County, California; that such arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the JAMS rules; and that the state or federal courts of Santa Clara County, California shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeal of an arbitration award and over any remedy between the parties that is not the subject of arbitration. In addition to the procedures and class actions discussed below, the arbitrator shall have the authority to grant relief that would otherwise be available in court. Any dispute between the parties shall be governed by this Agreement, the laws of the State of California and the laws of the United States, without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide for the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. If the dispute is submitted to arbitration or court, you and Twitch will not bring a class action, broad-based arbitration or other representative action or proceeding against the other.
If you reside in one of the Designated Countries, Irish law governs all claims relating to LinkedIn's provision of the Services, but this does not deprive you of mandatory consumer protections under the law of the country in which we perform your Services and where you ordinarily reside. With respect to jurisdiction, you and LinkedIn agree to choose the courts of the country in which we perform your Services and where you ordinarily reside for all disputes arising out of or relating to these LinkedIn Terms of Service, or alternatively, to choose the responsible court in Ireland.
For those located outside of the Designated Countries, including outside of the United States: you and LinkedIn agree that the laws of the State of California in the United States, excluding its conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern disputes arising in connection with this Agreement and/or the Services. You and LinkedIn agree that all claims and disputes may be resolved only in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, U.S.A., and you and LinkedIn each consent to the in personam jurisdiction of such courts.
By using this site, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in [city/country] for any dispute arising from your use of this site.
By using this site, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of [city/country] and waive any challenge to such jurisdiction.
All disputes arising out of the use of this site shall be governed by the laws of [city/country] and any legal action shall be brought only in the courts of that city/country.
By using this site, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of [city/country] and waive any challenges to such jurisdiction, including any claims of lis pendens or lack of territorial jurisdiction.
By downloading and using this software, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of [city/country] for any dispute arising out of your use of this software.
All disputes arising out of the use of this software shall be governed by the laws of [city/country] and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that city/country.
All disputes arising out of the use of this software shall be governed by the laws of [city/country] and any legal action shall be brought only in the courts of that city/country.
By playing this Game, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of [city/country] for any disputes arising from your use of this Game.
All disputes arising from the use of this Game shall be governed by the laws of [city/country] and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that city/country.
By playing this Game, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of [city/country] and waive any challenge to such jurisdiction, including any claim of lis pendens or lack of territorial jurisdiction.
By using this site, you agree to submit to the exclusive choice of the following courts for any dispute arising from your use of this site: [name of courts].
All disputes arising out of the use of this site shall be governed by the laws of [city/country] and submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the following courts: [name of courts].
 By using this site, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the following courts and waive any challenges to such jurisdiction: [name of courts].
All disputes arising out of the use of this site shall be governed by the laws of [city/country] and any legal action shall be brought only in the following courts under our exclusive jurisdiction: [name of courts].
By using this site, you agree to submit to the following exclusive choice of courts and waive any challenge to such courts, including any claim of lis pendens or lack of jurisdiction: [name of courts].
You and Dropbox agree that any judicial proceeding to resolve claims relating to these Terms or the Services will be brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California, subject to the mandatory arbitration provisions below. Both you and Dropbox consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in such courts.
"This Agreement and any dispute arising out of or relating to it (including disputes as to validity, invalidity, non-performance or liability) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in Santa Clara County, California, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts."
This Agreement and any dispute arising out of or relating to it (including disputes as to validity, invalidity, non-performance or liability) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in Santa Clara County, California, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts." 
This Agreement and any dispute arising out of or relating to it (including disputes as to validity, invalidity, non-performance or liability) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A., without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in King County, Washington, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts."
This Agreement and any dispute arising out of or relating to it (including disputes as to validity, invalidity, non-performance or liability) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in Santa Clara County, California, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in San Jose County, State of California, for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If you are an end user, you may also bring suit in San Jose County, State of California, or in the county where you reside. If you are a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in San Jose County, State of California.
"All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the French Republic, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Paris, France, for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If you are an end user, you may also bring suit in the department of your residence. If you are a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Paris, France."
"All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Guangzhou, China, for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If you are an end user, you may also bring a lawsuit in the district of your residence. If you are a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Guangzhou, China."
"All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Japan, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Tokyo, Japan, for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If you are an end user, you may also bring suit in the district of your residence. If you are a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Tokyo, Japan."
"All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Korea, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Seoul, South Korea, for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If you are an end user, you may also bring suit in the district of your residence. If you are a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Seoul, South Korea."
"All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Russian Federation, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Moscow, Russia, for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If you are an end user, you may also bring suit in the district of your residence. If you are a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Moscow, Russia." 
"All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Munich, Germany, for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If you are an end user, you may also bring suit in the district of your residence. If you are a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Munich, Germany." 
"All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maharashtra, India, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Mumbai, India, for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If you are an end user, you may also bring suit in the district of your residence. If you are a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Mumbai, India." 
"All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of London, England, for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If you are an end user, you may also bring suit in the district of your residence. If you are a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of London, England." 
"All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A., without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New York, U.S.A., for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If you are an end user, you may also bring suit in the district of your residence. If you are a business, you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New York, USA."
Google's terms of use provide that the user waives any recourse to the courts of the user's country and agrees to submit any dispute arising from the use of its online services to the courts of the State of California, U.S.A., or the federal courts located in that state.
: les conditions d'utilisation de Google prévoient que tout litige découlant de l'utilisation de ses services en ligne sera résolu exclusivement par les tribunaux de l'État de Californie, aux États-Unis, ou par les tribunaux fédéraux situés dans cet État.
Jurisdictional Waiver: The Spotify Terms of Use provide that the user waives any recourse to the courts of the user's country and agrees to submit any dispute arising out of the use of this online music streaming service to the courts of the State of New York, U.S.A., or the federal courts located therein.
Uber's Terms of Use provide that any dispute arising out of the use of this online transportation service shall be resolved exclusively in the courts of the State of California, U.S.A., or the federal courts located within that state.
Any dispute relating to the use of the Software or the Application shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, and the parties expressly waive any jurisdiction or venue other than the Supreme Court of the State of California.
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to any conflict of laws that may apply. Any dispute relating to the use of the Software or the Application shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
Any dispute relating to the use of the software or application shall be brought in the court of the user's residence, and the parties expressly waive any jurisdiction or venue other than that of that court.
Any dispute relating to the use of the software or the application will be brought before the High Court of Lyon, and the parties expressly waive any jurisdiction or competence other than that of this court.
Any dispute relating to the use of the software or the application will be brought before the High Court of Bruxelle, and the parties expressly waive any jurisdiction or competence other than that of this court.
Any dispute relating to the use of the Software or the Application shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, and the parties expressly waive any jurisdiction or venue other than the Supreme Court of the State of California.
Microsoft's Terms of Use provide that all disputes shall be resolved in the courts of the State of Washington, USA.
All disputes arising from the use of this software must be resolved in the courts of the province of Quebec, Canada
Any disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Service or your use of our Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. You agree that all disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Service or your use of our Services shall be brought in the courts of the State of California or the county of San Francisco, and that you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
All disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Service or your use of our Services will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service or your use of our Services shall be brought in the courts of the State of California or the county of San Francisco, and that you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such law courts.














